As LLMs continue to devour most of the internet, I'm starting to worry about what this will do for good content. So, but having said that, you know, despite all the worries about AI swap, etc., we still have a phenomenal, not an undergrowth, but a phenomenal hidden substrate of wonderful individual, independent, indie blogs on the internet still publishing some amazing perspectives that don't really get all the, that don't really get attention, I think. Most of the attention has been colonized by YouTube, TikTok, the bigger publications. And I personally love reading these individual blogs, people who write some amazing perspectives. And I was thinking of creating a simple aggregator, a beautiful, absolutely gorgeous, minimalist, elegant, drop-dead gorgeous aggregator where I pull RSS feeds from all these indie blogs and show them in a nice feed, neatly segregated into different categories, and just start with the simple thing. In the V2, I want to integrate AI features to add some summarization, discovery, you know, linking features. The idea is for this to be an indie digital garden. So I'm thinking of starting with a simple feed to showcase these things. All the blogs will be handpicked by me after I have read one or two blogs on the blogs. My initial idea was to pull all the historical archives of Hacker News where most of these blogs anyways end up and then figure out all the indie blogs and then build an RSS aggregator. But I think that's a terrible idea. Instead, I'll build this slowly over months and years where I read every blog and then add a link and then we showcase feeds from blogs. Is this doable? And also, I want the design to be absolutely beautiful, but minimal, no love, no loudness, no cliche designs, something that's ultra refined and beautiful. Is this doable? And also, what tech stack do we use for this?